Ancestral Healing			Restore a minion to full Health and give it Taunt.
Ancestral Knowledge			Draw 2 cards.
Ancestral Spirit			Give a minion "Deathrattle: Resummon this minion."
Animal Companion			Summon a random Beast Companion.
Anyfin Can Happen			Summon 7 Murlocs that died this game. 
Arcane Blast				Deal 2 damage to a minion. This spell gets double bonus from Spell Damage. 
Arcane Explosion			Deal 1 damage to all enemy minions.
Arcane Intellect			Draw 2 cards.
Arcane Missiles				Deal 3 damage randomly split among all enemies.
Arcane Shot					Deal 2 damage.
Assassinate					Destroy an enemy minion.
Astral Communion			Gain 10 Mana Crystals. Discard your hand.
Avenging Wrath				Deal 8 damage randomly split among all enemies.
Backstab					Deal 2 damage to an undamaged minion.
Ball of Spiders				Summon three 1/1 Webspinners.
Bane of Doom				Deal 2 damage to a character. If that kills it, summon a random Demon.
Bash						Deal 3 damage. Gain 3 Armor.
Battle Rage					Draw a card for each damaged friendly character.
Bear Trap					Secret
Beneath the Grounds			Shuffle 3 Ambushes into your opponent's deck
Bestial Wrath				Give a friendly Beast +2 Attack and Immune this turn.
Betrayal					Force an enemy minion to deal its damage to the minions next to it. 
Bite						Give your hero +4 Attack this turn and 4 Armor.
Blade Flurry				Destroy your weapon and deal its damage to all enemies.
Blessed Champion			Double a minion's Attack. 
Blessing of Kings			Give a minion +4/+4.
Blessing of Might			Give a minion +3 Attack. 
Blessing of Wisdom			Choose a minion. Whenever it attacks, draw a card.
Blizzard					Deal 2 damage to all enemy minions and Freeze them.
Bloodlust					Give your minions +3 Attack this turn.
Bolster						Give your Taunt minions +2/+2.
Brawl						Destroy all minions except one. 
Burgle						Add 2 random class cards to your hand (from your opponent's class).
Charge						Give a friendly minion +2 Attack and Charge.
Circle of Healing			Restore 4 Health to ALL minions.
Claw						Give your hero +2 Attack this turn and 2 Armor.
Cleave						Deal 2 damage to two random enemy minions.
Cold Blood					Give a minion +2 Attack
Commanding Shout			Your minions can't be reduced below 1 Health this turn. Draw a card.
Competitive Spirit			Secret
Conceal						Give your minions Stealth until your next turn.
Cone of Cold				Freeze a minion and the minions next to it, and deal 1 damage to them.
Confuse						Swap the Attack and Health of all minions. 
Consecration				Deal 2 damage to all enemies. 
Convert						Put a copy of an enemy minion into your hand.
Corruption					Choose an enemy minion. At the start of your turn, destroy it.
Counterspell				Secret
Curse of Rafaam				Give your opponent a 'Cursed!' card.
Dark Bargain				Destroy 2 random enemy minions. Discard 2 random cards
Dart Trap					Secret
Deadly Poison				Give your weapon +2 Attack.
Deadly Shot					Destroy a random enemy minion.
Demonfire					Deal 2 damage to a minion. If it's a friendly Demon, give it +2/+2 instead.
Demonfuse					Give a Demon +3/+3. Give your opponent a Mana Crystal.
Demonwrath					Deal 2 damage to all non-Demon minions.
Divine Favor				Draw cards until you have as many in hand as your opponent. 
Divine Spirit				Double a minion's Health. 
Dragon's Breath				Deal 4 damage.
Drain Life					Deal 2 damage. Restore 2 Health to your hero
Earth Shock					Silence a minion, then deal 1 damage to it.
Effigy						Secret
Elemental Destruction		Deal 4-5 damage to all minions.
Enter the Coliseum			Destroy all minions except each player's highest Attack minion. 
Entomb						Choose an enemy minion. Shuffle it into your deck.
Equality					Change the Health of ALL minions to 1.
Everyfin is Awesome			Give your minions +2/+2.
Eviscerate					Deal 2 damage
Excavated Evil				Deal 3 damage to all minions. Shuffle this card into your opponent's deck.
Execute						Destroy a damaged enemy minion.
Explorer's Hat				Give a minion +1/+1 and "Deathrattle: Add an Explorer's Hat to your hand."
Explosive Shot				Deal 5 damage to a minion and 2 damage to adjacent ones.
Explosive Trap				Secret
Eye for an Eye				Secret
Fan of Knives				Deal 1 damage to all enemy minions. Draw a card
Far Sight					Draw a card. That card costs (3) less
Feral Spirit				Summon two 2/3 Spirit Wolves with Taunt.
Fireball					Deal 6 damage
Fist of Jaraxxus			Deal 4 damage to a random enemy.
Flame Lance					Deal 8 damage to a minion. 
Flamestrike					Deal 4 damage to all enemy minions. 
Flare						All minions lose Stealth. Destroy all enemy Secrets. Draw a card.
Flash Heal					Restore 5 Health.
Force of Nature				Summon three 2/2 Treants with Charge that die at the end of the turn.
Forgotten Torch				Deal 3 damage. Shuffle a (6 damage for 3 mana card) into your deck. 
Forked Lightning			Deal 2 damage to 2 random enemy minions
Freezing Trap				Secret
Frost Nova					Freeze all enemy minions. 
Frost Shock					Deal 1 damage to an enemy character and Freeze it.
Frostbolt					Deal 3 damage to a character and Freeze it. 
Gang Up						Choose a minion. Shuffle 3 copies of it into your deck.
Hammer of Wrath				Deal 3 damage. Draw a card.
Hand of Protection			Give a minion Divine Shield.
Headcrack					Deal 2 damage to the enemy hero.
Healing Touch				Restore 8 Health.
Healing Wave				Restore 7 Health. Reveal a minion in each deck. If yours costs more, Restore 14 instead
Hellfire					Deal 3 damage to ALL characters
Heroic Strike				Give your hero +4 Attack this turn.
Hex							Transform a minion into a 0/1 Frog with Taunt
Holy Fire					Deal 5 damage. Restore 5 Health to your hero
Holy Light					Restore 6 Health
Holy Nova					Deal 2 damage to all enemies. Restore 2 Health to all friendly characters.
Holy Smite					Deal 2 damage
Holy Wrath					Draw a card and deal damage equal to its cost. 
Humility					Change a minion's Attack to 1.
Hunter's Mark				Change a minion's Health to 1.
Ice Barrier					Secret
Ice Block					Secret
Ice Lance					Freeze a character. If it was already Frozen, deal 4 damage instead.
Inner Fire					Change a minion's Attack to be equal to its Health. 
Inner Rage					Deal 1 damage to a minion and give it +2 Attack.
Innervate					Gain 2 Mana Crystals this turn only.
Kill Command				Deal 3 damage. If you have a Beast, deal 5 damage instead.
Lava Burst					Deal 5 damage.
Lava Shock					Deal 2 damage.
Lay on Hands				Restore 8 Health. Draw 3 cards. 
Lightning Bolt				Deal 3 damage
Lightning Storm				Deal 2-3 damage to all enemy minions
Living Roots				Choose One - Deal 2 damage; or Summon two 1/1 Saplings.
Lock and Load				
Mark of Nature				Choose One - Give a minion +4 Attack; or +4 Health and Taunt.
Mark of the Wild			Give a minion Taunt and +2/+2.
Mass Dispel					Silence all enemy minions. Draw a card.
Mind Blast					Deal 5 damage to the enemy hero.
Mind Control				Take control of an enemy minion. 
Mind Vision					Put a copy of a random card in your opponent's hand into your hand.
Mindgames					Put a copy of a random minion from your opponent's deck into the battlefield.
Mirror Entity				Secret
Mirror Image				Summon two 0/2 minions with Taunt. 
Misdirection				Secret
Moonfire					Deal 1 damage.
Mortal Coil					Deal 1 damage to a minion. If that kills it, draw a card
Mortal Strike				Deal 4 damage. If you have 12 or less Health, deal 6 instead.
Mulch						Destroy a minion. Add a random minion to your opponent's hand.
Multi-Shot					Deal 3 damage to two random enemy minions.
Naturalize					Destroy a minion. Your opponent draws 2 cards. 
Noble Sacrifice				Secret
Nourish						Choose One - Gain 2 Mana Crystals; or Draw 3 cards.
Polymorph					Transform a minion into a 1/1 Sheep.
Polymorph: Boar				Transform a minion into a 4/2 Boar with Charge. 
Power of the Wild			Choose One - Give your minions +1/+1; or Summon a 3/2 Panther.
Power Overwhelming			Give a friendly minion +4/+4 until end of turn. Then, it dies. Horribly.
Power Word: Glory			Choose a minion. Whenever it attacks, restore 4 Health to your hero. 
Power Word: Shield			Give a minion +2 Health. Draw a card.
Powershot					Deal 2 damage to a minion and the minions next to it.
Preparation					The next spell you cast this turn costs (3) less.
Pyroblast					Deal 10 damage
Quick Shot					Deal 3 damage. If your hand is empty, draw a card.
Rampage						Give a damaged minion +3/+3.
Raven Idol					Choose One - Discover a minion; or Discover a spell.
Redemption					Secret
Repentance					Secret
Resurrect					Summon a random friendly minion that died this game. 
Revenge						Deal 1 damage to all minions. If you have 12 or less Health, deal 3 damage instead.
Rockbiter Weapon			Give a friendly character +3 Attack this turn. 
Sacred Trial				Secret
Sacrificial Pact			Destroy a Demon. Restore 5 Health to your hero. 
Sap							Return an enemy minion to your opponent's hand. 
Savage Roar					Give your characters +2 Attack this turn. 
Savagery					Deal damage equal to your hero's Attack to a minion.
Seal of Champions			Give a minion +3 Attack and Divine Shield. 
Sense Demons				Put 2 random Demons from your deck into your hand
Shadow Bolt					Deal 4 damage to a minion
Shadow Madness				Gain control of an enemy minion with 3 or less Attack until end of turn. 
Shadow Word: Death			Destroy a minion with an Attack of 5 or more. 
Shadow Word: Pain			Destroy a minion with 3 or less Attack. 
Shadowflame					Destroy a friendly minion and deal its Attack damage to all enemy minions.
Shadowform					Your Hero Power becomes 'Deal 2 damage'. If already in Shadowform: 3 damage.
Shadowstep					Return a friendly minion to your hand. It costs (2) less.
Shield Block				Gain 5 Armor. Draw a card.
Shield Slam					Deal 1 damage to a minion for each Armor you have
Shiv						Deal 1 damage. Draw a card.
Silence						Silence a minion.
Sinister Strike				Deal 3 damage to the enemy hero. 
Siphon Soul					Destroy a minion. Restore 3 Health to your hero.
Slam						Deal 2 damage to a minion. If it survives, draw a card.
Snake Trap					Secret
Snipe						Secret
Solemn Vigil				Draw 2 cards. 
Soul of the Forest			Give your minions "Deathrattle: Summon a 2/2 Treant."
Soulfire					Deal 4 damage. Discard a random card.
Spellbender					Secret
Sprint						Draw 4 cards. 
Starfall					Choose One - Deal 5 damage to a minion; or 2 damage to all enemy minions.
Starfire					Deal 5 damage. Draw a card.
Swipe						Deal 4 damage to an enemy and 1 damage to all other enemies.
Thoughtsteal				Copy 2 cards from your opponent's deck and put them into your hand. 
Totemic Might				Give your Totems +2 Health
Tracking					Look at the top three cards of your deck. Draw one and discard the others.
Twisting Nether				Destroy all minions.
Unleash the Hounds			For each enemy minion, summon a 1/1 Hound with Charge.
Upgrade!					If you have a weapon, give it +1/+1. Otherwise equip a 1/3 weapon
Vanish						Return all minions to their owner's hand. 
Vaporize					Secret
Whirlwind					Deal 1 damage to ALL minions.
Wild Growth					Gain an empty Mana Crystal.
Windfury					Give a minion Windfury.
Wrath						Choose One - Deal 3 damage to a minion; or 1 damage and draw a card.
Stand Against Darkness		Summon 5 1/1s
Forbidden Flame				Spend all mana, deal that much damage to a minion
Forbidden Shaping			Spend all mana, summon random minion that costs that much
Forbidden Healing			Spend all mana, restore twice that much health
DOOM!						Destroy all minions, draw a card for each
Renounce Darkness			
Infest						Give your minions: "Deathrattle: Add a random Beast to your hand"
Shadow Word: Horror			Destroy all minions with 2 or less Attack
Mark of Y'Shaarj			Give a minion +2/+2. If it's a beast, draw a card
Cabalist's Tome				Add 3 random mage spells to your hand
Blood Warriors				Add a copy of each friendly damaged minion to your hand
Call of the Wild			Summon all 3 animal companions
Spreading Madness			Deal 9 damage randomly split among ALL characters
Wisps of the Old Gods		Choose One - Summon seven 1/1 Wisps; or give your minions +2/+2
Thistle Tea					Draw, get 2 more copies
Embrace the Shadow			Healing to damage
Stormcrack					4 damage to minion
Shatter						Destroy Frozen minion
Primal Fusion				Give a minion +1/+1 for each of your totems
On the Hunt					Deal 1 damage. Summon a 1/1 Mastiff (Beast)
Forbidden Ritual			Spend all your mana, summon that many 1/1 tentacles
Evolve						Transform your minions into random minions that cost (1) more
Divine Strength				+1/+2
A Light in the Darkness		Discover a minion. Give it +1/+1
Feral Rage					+4 Atk or 8 Armor
Blood To Ichor				Deal 1 damage to a minion. If it survives, summon a 2/2 Slime
Shadow Strike				5 damage to an undamaged character
Power Word: Tentacles		+2/+6
Journey Below				Discover a Deathrattle card
